Reflection sprint2{

what do I want to learn or understand better
This sprint i learned even more about firebase, specifically FCM. This is because i worked on push notices. I also started 
to learn about geocoding and this is what i want to learn and understand better during the next sprint. Something i did 
not think much about in the previous reflections is that i mainly focus on the technical aspect. I've figured out that I
need to further understand the importance and effect of our process. This sprint both myself and my team have decided to
really try to improve on planning and structuring our work. This hopefully leads to better results and a more effective work
process.


how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This week i helped Daniel restructure our adapters and offered a more abstract solution which removed duplicate code.
Technically i now have the ability to help my team further build on the push notice system and improve that. Hopefully I can
also contribute by pushing them to be thorough in their approach to the work process. That includes properly using Trello,
being flexible with their assigned work, making use of pull requests and more.

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
This week I did my first pull request which further made sure that there was a broader consensus that a task was done. This is
something we've been struggling with and our rules for when something qualifies for the next step of a sprint iteration has 
been unclear. By improving this it's much easier to complete a task and less work will be half done when delivered.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I've contributed by delivering a push notice system, integrating FCM and restructured parts of the code. I have also tried
to help with what we decided at the supervised meeting at the start of the week. Although we got a bad start and had 
sick members which made it so that we didn't improve as much as we could have. I definitely can help improve our chances
to solve our structural problems much more for next week and will try to do so. 
}
