Reflection sprint4{

what do I want to learn or understand better
I've learned a lot during this project and I feel like most of it will be applicable in future ones. Almost everything relating to the
technical challenges have required me to learn new things. I've never developed an android application, worked against a database or 
sent html requests before. These are just some examples and there are also a lot of lessons that does not concern the actual programming.
I've realized how important it is to plan the process in order to make a team produce both quality and quantity. Teamwork does not 
just appear out of the blue but requires good planning, clear tasks, a lot of discussion and measurements of both individual and
team progress. There are some thing that i really didn't get to work with much such as kpi:s. Although I have looked into it enough to 
realize that it would probably have helped us if we introduced more of them at an early stage. This is something I would like to experiment
more with.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
Throughout the project I have been able to help with a lot with the technical challenges. This was even easier after we introduced
pull requests since it forced people to work together even more. I also, as mentioned in previous reflections, try to express my 
take on things that we discuss as a complete group. These things are often process oriented and therefore doesn't have a clear 
solution that's applicable on every scenario. Hopefully my arguments have helped my team get a better understanding since their
point of view often help me. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
We didn't really introduce any new concepts or methods during the last week. My contribution has therefore mainly been sticking to what
we've previously decided upon. Since my understanding has increased on the subject I can hopefully apply solutions we've found during this
project on the upcoming ones. There are also issues we realized quite late that we probably could have prevented with certain methods.
This knowledge will probably come in handy during future projects. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
This last week I worked on distance functionality as well as helped Daniel with the push notices. I also fixed some minor bugs and
tried to help the team figure out what to prioritze during the last phase. I wouldn't say it was my most productive week but not
the least either.
}
