Reflection week 1{

what do I want to learn or understand better?

This first week the focus has been mainly on Scrum and trying to come up with a project idea. SCRUM is something I've encountered before
in school as well as at work. The details of getting it right is hard in practice and whilst working with something it's easy to
forget the importance of taking a step back to reflect. This work ethic is something i want to improve. To achieve this I think it's
important for me to take part in the non-coding parts of this project.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

I think my current skill when it comes to programming and writing is decent. These are two areas in which I can contribute and
hopefully share viewpoints with the rest of the team. I also don't mind talking and giving my opinion which can be both good
and bad. To really help my team I think it's important for me to be available as well as continuously improve my own knowledge
inside of the field that we choose for our project.

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

This week we haven't worked much with Scrum other than the lego-exercise. With the lego-exercise the use of Scrum came pretty natural
with the task and therefore my contribution was mainly giving my opinion during reflection. Something I noticed with myself was that
during the execution of each sprint it was easy to get lost in a task. This could've been due to the limited time but also because of lack
of planning. I believe it's possible to improve this by giving even more at the reflection/planning stages. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

I have tried to contribute by sticking to the planning which we have agreed on as a team. I feel like we are on the same page
in the group which makes contributing fairly easy. All the tasks which we've done so far I feel like I've taken part in. Moving
forward I want to make sure I keep contributing to all parts of the process and not let other members of the group be burdened by
work I'm responsible for. 
}
