Reflection week 3{

what do I want to learn or understand better?
This week I've further developed an understanding for android development although this is something i need to further improve on.
My progress this week was quite slow mainly to the fact that I haven't been that focused on the project. I also found a database 
system called firebase which is something I want to discover further (since we decided to use it). I think that there are many 
technical things which this project involves that I want to and need to understand better but I can't identify it until I've put
in more work (development-wise).


how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This week I managed to find a database system called firebase which is something I shared with the team. Hopefully I can further
contribute by discovering new useful tools. Since two members aren't that familiar with using git I can also contributing by 
helping them when/if they have questions. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
I have contributed through discussions about the Scrum-board and also by adding content such as user stories, acceptance criteria and 
tasks. I think that we need to communicate even better in order to really benefit from the use of scrum. I hope that I can be helpful 
and drive this conversation forward.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I think that my contribution this week has been fairly weak. This is partly to me being busy with a lot of other things and also something
that has been an "issue" through our entire group. We've been set back by not having a clear division of tasks and a lack of concrete 
plan for how we should design the implementation (i.e UML diagram etc). Although I have contributed a fair amount to the Trello and also
by researching and finding a simple database we can use without having to build one from scratch. Next spring I want to do much more 
implementation and I believe that is something most of our members want to do aswell. 
}
