Reflection week 2{

what do I want to learn or understand better?
During week 2 we have decided on a project idea. Our decision was a mobile application which is something neither of us
have worked on before. Since i know close to nothing about developing for mobile this is what I want to improve. Until next
week I want to learn a good way to tackle the mobile development process. This will be accomplished by comparing
different frameworks and languages, reading articles and trying to find someone experenced to consult with. I've done further
progress made on the goal set last week although it's a vague one which makes it hard to complete.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
By accomplishing my goal from the previous question I will be able to share knowledge with my team. When it comes to mobile development
I won't have much to share at this point in time but hopefully that will improve during week 3. My goal for next week is
therefore to attain knowledge to be able to help my team. Something that i feel is important right now is to motivate the team to be
fearless when deciding what tools to use. Java seems kind of outdated in the mobile world and hence we should probably consider
to use something that's new to all of us. That could lead to us all learning something new.

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
We haven't really worked with scrum much this week either. Last week i mentioned that i want to give even more at the reflection 
and planning stages which is something I still think about. During the weekend we will all work on coming up with user stories and 
that will be my main contribution to the use of Scrum. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I have contributed by being present during major discussions as well as the initial creation of the BMC and Mockup. This week
has mostly been further discussions though since we're at an early stage in the project. For next week I want to keep having a broad
influence until the stages come when we start implementing parts of our application. Then our tasks will be divided.
}
