Individual reflection week 2, Daniel Aryan {
 
 
what do I want to learn or understand better

Last week i wrote that i wanted to learn how to work with git, which i have tried to do during the week. I understand the basics now
but i also want to better understand how to establish a good workflow using git. I intend to learn this by asking 
my more experienced teammates and by gaining some practical experience by using git in the project. 

We also decided on developing an android app during the week, which i have never done before. Therefore i intend to learn more about
what differentiates android development from the basic java development that i´m used to. I intend to do this by reading and
watching guides and tutorials as well as researching what different tools and frameworks that are available
as well as reading about what languages are best suited for our project.   


how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new
  
During the development of our business model canvas i was able to help by sharing my thoughts and business insights 
about what i think our business model should be. I intend to continue to share my insights with the team whenever possible. 
In order to contribute as much as possible i intend to further research both relevant business aspects of our project
and mainly development related aspects, and share my insights with the team

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum
  
I have contributed towards discussing and setting up the basic structure for how we are going to proceed, together with the team. 
I intend to continue shaping and refining our development process together with the team by bringing up the subject of 
project structure in future discussions.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries
This week i have actively contributed towards the creation of our business model canvas and our project description. 
During this weekend and the next week i intend to help create epics and user stories in order to start building our project backlog. 
After that i will try to contribute in breaking those down into manageable tasks. During next week, i will actively work 
towards completing some of those tasks. 

}


