Individual reflection week 3, Daniel Aryan {
 
 
what do I want to learn or understand better

I have now started using git and think i understand our basic workflow. 
I also spent a lot of time this week getting acquainted with android development, mainly by 
reading guides and trying stuff out in android studio. 

Now that i've overcome the initial technical hurdles to some degree i instead
want to better understand the process of working with Scrum. While we have written user stories
related to our project and broken them down into tasks, i still feel a bit unsure 
of what constitutes a good user story or a good task. Therefore i want to gain a better understanding
of how to properly "slice the cake". I plan on accomplishing this by once again reviewing the 
course material, doing some independent research and by having discussions with the team. 

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new

As i spent some time this week gaining a better understanding of android development i am now in a 
good position to share my insights with the team. I plan on doing this by showing them my work, 
walking them through the different tools i've used this week as well as answering any questions they might have for me.   

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum

This week i failed at properly implementing the Scrum process. While playing around in android studio and trying
to learn i coincidentally created a simple GUI that corresponded to a few of our user stories and that i felt
could potentially serve as a good starting point for our application. I therefore presented my work to the team,
and while they agreed that the GUI could serve as our starting point they were disappointed that i had abandoned
the Scrum process. Because i had not included them in the initial development i had to spend some time walking them
through the GUI and they had to spend some time trying to understand the program. 
In the future i will refrain from making these kind of modifications without consulting with the team first.
I will also work towards establishing a better communication with the team.     

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries
This week i have greatly contributed towards the creation of our basic GUI. 
By doing too much of the work myself i did not leave much room for the others to develop code this week,
as they instead had to spend time understanding, testing and reviewing my code. Next week i will still try
to contribute with the actual coding, but i will also spend more time and effort on establishing a more 
efficient cooperation with the team, as we can accomplish a lot more if we work more closely together. 

}
