Individual reflection 6, Daniel Aryan{

what do I want to learn or understand better?
Last week marked a tremendous improvement to our team´s work process. By properly planning for the sprint and by having daily scrum
meetings everyone gained a better understanding of what they were supposed to do and our productivity skyrocketed. This sprint, while still
being a lot better than previous ones, we were not able to maintain the same level of productivity that we had last week, despite still 
trying to properly planning and discussing our progress. This kind of uneven, varying level of productivity has been evident throughout
this entire project for our team, and for future projects i want to better understand these variations and how to maintain an even 
level of productivity throughout an entire project. I plan on learning this by studying the literature there is on the subject and,
perhaps most importantly, gaining further experience in working with this kind of team effort. 


how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This project has been a bit special compared to my previous group efforts in that most my teammates come from another background 
compared to me. This has proved to be very educational as i had much to learn from them. By patiently answering the various questions
i had for them and as well as by showing me how to structure a programme, how to use git/github etc. they have taught me a lot. I think
and hope that i have been able to teach them a thing or two in similar manner. In future projects i hope that this kind of information
exchange will occur again. In order to make that happen, i will actively pursue more cross-functional collaborations where different 
teammates from different backgrounds will be able to learn from each other. I will also actively try to hold meetings and discussions 
that aims to bring everybody's different experiences and different knowledge out into the open, so that we may learn from each other. 


what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
I have given suggestions and discussed our process with the team, and have helped contributed in the breakdown/writing/assigning of
user-stories. I have also actively participated in our daily meetings and have tried to bring up important things that we needed to 
address as a team during these discussions. In future projects i will continue to actively participate and structure the teams process. 
I will also further look up additional aspects of the Scrum process and try to learn how to successfully implement them. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I developed our rating-system, as well various minor fixes. I felt like i maintained a high velocity throughout the week. This was fine as
i didn't have many other things to do this week, but it probably wasn't a good, sustainable pace. In future projects i hope to maintain 
a more sustainable pace throughout the entire project so that these kinds of spikes won't occur during the last sprint. I will try to 
achieve this by doing the things i mentioned in the first question. 
}
